Satellite idm auth support 12891 (#1915)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-freeipa-authentication-on-server.adoc

{foreman-example-com}
----
+

> Otherwise, {foreman-installer} cannot generate the right principal name that is needed to join the realm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, `{foreman-installer}` cannot generate the right principal name that is needed to join the realm.
```

endif::[]
. Set {FreeIPA} as the authentication provider, using one of the following commands:

> ** If you only want to enable access to the {ProjectWebUI} but not the {Project} API, enter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you only want to enable access to the {ProjectWebUI} but not the {Project} API, enter:
```

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} \
--foreman-ipa-authentication=true
----

> ** If you want to enable access both to the {ProjectWebUI} and the {Project} API, enter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you want to enable access both to the {ProjectWebUI} and the {Project} API, enter:
```

+
Otherwise the installer cannot generate the right principal name that is needed to join the realm.
endif::[]

> . Set {FreeIPA} to be the authentication provider, using one of the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set {FreeIPA} as the authentication provider, using one of the following commands:
```

> ** If you want to enable authentication for {Project} web UI, enter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If you want to enable authentication for {ProjectWebUI}, enter:
```

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --foreman-ipa-authentication
----

> ** If you want to enable access to {Project} API, enter:

Reviewer: Maybe also use "authentication" instead of access?

+

> Otherwise the installer cannot generate the right principal name that is needed to join the realm.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the installer cannot generate the right principal name that is needed to join the realm.
```

Reviewer: Maybe instead of "the installer", use "`{foreman-installer}`".
